[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> 2023 this year for me is like
a middle point or a transition
point to something that
I have to do in 2024.
This year, I'm
recreating everything,
downloading the information
of what the next task--
everything that I am
supposed to create
to do for the next 30 years.
And I'm receiving all
that very separate
so I can put it
together eventually.
So that's why it's
so difficult for me
lately to explain to
people what I'm receiving.
That was something
that I was worried
about because I felt what would
happen now that I finished this?
Would I remember more?
Would I connect?
How is this, like, I'm going
to be more human than ever?
I'm going to be reconnected to
something in a different level.
I was worried about
it a little bit,
but the feeling was I
need to create everything
in a different way.
During this process
of acknowledging
I have to release
everything from the past
give away many of the things
that have been attached
to me from an old structure
when I realized about all that
and I said, I'm going
to release all this,
suddenly my body reacted.
And I ended up in the hospital.
I had appendicitis.
So I had to take the all
grounding, all structures
from me.
And after I did that,
I felt released somehow
physically from something that
was holding me for a long time.
And that took me to
project into create things
that people were asking me for,
not that my guides or my higher
self were saying, but
that people were asking,
we would love for you to do this
trip again or to take us there
or to create this.
So I started to put
together all these ideas.
Organizing these trips in
different places in the world
was much more about
allowing people
to live the experience
of going to power places
and to take the same path that
I took once in order for them
to live that and to relate
and learn about what
an initiatic path is.
And in the meantime, I was
like a little bit concerned
trying to figure out if I would
be open to a new information
again, to something different,
a new mission because everything
was like very quiet.
But somehow, what
started to happen
was I was finding the link in
all the mythology traditions
talking about the same story.
And they are not talking
about gods or goddesses.
They are talking about
a natural process
that happened to the planet
millions of years ago
and that it's an echo
that we are living today.
As I have been traveling
around the world,
I noticed that every
culture has a tree of life,
and its description fits the
magnetic field of the planet.
The energy within this field
flows through the poles
and can be seen in the
shape of the apple.
The magnetic axis is represented
by a sword Excalibur.
The brightest star in the
northern sky Arcturus also known
in Greek as Arcus--
the white bear--
guides the planet
through the precession
of the equinoxes
sharing its energy with the 12
constellations of our Zodiac.
Those 12 are known through
history as knights or apostles.
The energy from
the constellations
fuels the kundalini
of the planet
as it snakes along
the mountain ranges.
When the sword
changes its position,
this movement can release a
poison into the snaking energy.
The goal of humans is to create
a balance within themselves
so that they can be in
harmony with the magnetism
of the planet.
This harmony can help transform
any poison into medicine.
The Greek word Metatron refers
to metathronos or "throne
beyond."
Metatron's cube is
a structure that
encodes every pattern
in the universe
and is known as the seed, the
flower, fruit, and tree of life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Suddenly it was all a story
about many, many different
traditions related to the
Norse tradition, Middle East
tradition, Egyptian tradition,
all the trees of life together.
It was so much information
that I couldn't understand it
because it was too much, a lot
of things happening together.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It was very difficult
for me to understand
exactly what I needed to do.
So I just did normal
things that my new reality
was asking from me, like making
podcasts, interviews, organizing
trips.
And in between those
podcasts and those meetings,
I was invited to a
retreat in Costa Rica.
I started a week of 4 ayahuasca
ceremonies, consecutive,
which I've never done.
But for me, it was like
opening the door to myself
into a new reality.
It was like entering to
everything that I was
supposed to do in the future.
So I started to see all
the signs and the patterns
of everything around me and the
next steps that I have to take.
So I suddenly opened
into a reality
that gave me so much
information about so many tasks
and so many things that I had
to do that it was incredible.
And every day, it was
deeper and deeper.
I only knew like three people
in the ceremony or four people.
The rest, I had no
idea who they were.
And one of them that I had no
idea who he was in the ayahuasca
ceremony, they started to
talk to me about things
that he specifically
needed to do.
And one of them was he
needs to go to Egypt
to open a door for you.
So after the ceremony,
I went to him and said,
"You have to go to Egypt."
And he said, "I'm
going next week."
And I said, "Well, you have
to do this and this and this."
And he said, "We are
going to do that."
And I said, "Perfect.
So the system works."
And we started to laugh
about that system works.
And when I started to
explain the task, he said,
"That's too complicated for
me, maybe you should come."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So I ended up in Egypt.
And in that trip, I
met all the people
that I saw in the
ayahuasca ceremony.
I explained to those people,
"Look, I know many of you
are inside of my
projects in the future.
So if you think you have
something to tell me, I'm here."
So basically inside
that trip, I started
to reconnect with people
that I had no idea about
and that were keys to my
task in the next years.
That started to open
a whole story related
to a breaking system in
the origin of creation
mainly related to the
history of this planet Earth.
It took me back to
that first story
of Bir Tawil, the territory in
South Egypt, the land of no one.
Something was telling me that
specific territory is related
to the philosopher's stone, and
it's the missing piece in order
to complete the whole
parcel of the planet
to rebalance and reset the
initiatic path that Thoth
had designed for everyone.
The project was we need
to reset that stone.
I was sharing this,
and something before
was so crazy everyone started
to say yes, there is something
there.
So you keep the
track and let us know
what is happening, what is
the information hidden there.
So I started to be open
for the universe to give me
the tools and the clues.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Following the signs, I
ended up in a meeting
where I met with Robert Grant.
And I wasn't supposed
to sit with him,
but we started to talk
about what are we doing here
in this place, why are we
talking here and now about all
these concepts.
And I started to tell him
about the story of Bir Tawil.
And he told me about
something that he
discovered about Egypt related
to the philosopher's stone.
I was like, that's
what I'm looking for.
So he showed me the geometry
of this philosopher's stone.
And I said, "Wait a moment."
And I got a map of Bir Tawil.
And the pattern of the
geometry is exactly
the limits of that territory.
It's so perfectly aligned
how the philosopher's
stone, the long pyramid that
holds every pyramid inside
is actually the
limits of Bir Tawil.
And it's called the
triangle of Bir Tawil.
There is some energy
from other levels
that have been stuck
in that land that
opened a lot of information
related to a portal
through time to heal the very
first wound in the system
of Earth, which is
the broken heart.
And the broken heart means when
a stone collapsed to the planet
and broke the magnetic field.
And it felt like a
heart was broken.
And the toroid, the magnetic
field was collapsed in half.
And that's the image of
the Apple that we have,
like how the apple, the
tree of life, the apple tree
is a symbolism of all
sins and conflicts
that we have related
to that moment of void
that the magnetic field
lived when it was collapsed.
And it all takes us to the North
of Sudan, the South of Egypt,
like, if something
happened there
at the very beginning of
the creation of the planet.
That's why everything
started there,
and everything takes us
back to that territory.
So when we were talking about
that he shows me a design
that he was doing, which
was Excalibur on the Nile.
And I was like, wait a moment.
That's something that I've been
told in England a long time
ago to find that.
So all the different
pieces started
to take me to connect these
people, these different people
that will help you to open the
door of the philosopher's stone.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Following another sign, I went
to Malta with a few friends, Blu
and Reggie.
We started to see the
energy of the island related
to the philosopher's
stone and all information
that I had to receive.
When I accessed the
information of Malta,
the data was the beehive, the
beehive of the entire planet,
which is the magnetic
field that was broken.
And the only ones that
can repair that system
are feminine energies that
sing, so the bees of the planet.
There is a lineage of
royalty related to the bees.
And it's women that sing
specific songs to hold
the magnetic field
to be repaired.
But it's been thousands of
years without those songs being
sung all around the planet.
So the whole story
was telling me
about we need to put a
lot of feminine energy
together to sing the same song
and to harvest the honey that
would create the gods on Earth.
So why this story?
Why to repair the system we
need to create this honey
from the specific frequency?
So that took me to the
story of the elixir drinks
that the gods of the
Olympus used to drink
which was honey with water.
So this honey was the first
one that was harvest in Malta.
Malta means honey actually.
So the first honey was called
by the sailors in Greece.
And the reason is because after
the glaciation when Europe
was covered in ice,
when the Ice Age ended,
all the flowers that
were growing in Europe
had the information of the ice,
the information that had been
stored for thousands of years.
So the only ones that could
take the information out
from the flowers were the bees.
So the bees from
Malta in South Europe
were the ones that took the
information, grab it from there,
and created the gods elixir so
the people could became gods
by getting the
information inside
through the singing of
women singing to the hives
and activating that
information in order
to repair the broken heart
of the very beginning, which
is the first scene of the tree
of life, the rotten apple.
And the rotten Apple is that
breaking part of the system
that I had no idea what it was.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
After all that, I had to go to
Canary Islands for another one
of the trips that I had.
And there, I remember that
the Canary Islands represent
the Hesperides Garden, which
is a very ancient story
from the Greek culture.
So these people were the
keepers of the tree of life,
and the dragon was taking
care of the tree of life.
The dragon was this protector
of this information there.
So the tree of life
had golden apples.
And the Golden
apples represented
the notes of the planet.
It was the information of
every realm in the reality.
And we were working related
to create the tree of life
in a tree that there it's called
the dragon, the dragon tree.
So I said, which
is the dragon that
is taking care of the apples?
And if you follow the map,
the dragon is Scandinavia.
And the crown chakra of
Scandinavia is Svalbard.
So I went to Svalbard for
nine days on a boat heading
to the Arctic Ocean.
And I was sowing the runes
for opening a bridge,
a rainbow bridge to
bring the information
from the magnetic field
and try to figure out
where is the system broken
from the crown of the dragon.
The Arctic is called like
that because arcus, that
means bear and is the North.
And it's also the king of the
kings of the planet, which
is the North Pole.
So the North Pole
is actually called
Arcturus as the star of the king
of the kings and King Arthur
then.
So, again, I came to
the Excalibur star.
In that trip, I had to share
my room with an Israeli guy
that his name was Itai.
And Itai was the
word that Odin used
to describe the
seed of water that I
need to prepare to transform
the inside of the people.
But he said that name when I
was in Paraguay being kidnapped.
Many years ago in 2012,
when I was kidnapped,
Odin appeared and
said to me that.
And then in the North, that
name came up again saying,
this is the water, the water of
the North of the Arctic Ocean
that has the information to
be activated with the honey.
And when I was asking myself
why I have to follow the apple,
Vylansa and Aubrey Marcus
called me and said,
"We are going to Greece.
Do you want to come
with us in a few days?"
Because they had a vision that
I was supposed to be in Delphi.
[HUMMING]
Delphi actually means womb.
And it was the
first place on Earth
that Gea was called the
Spirit of Gea, which is Gaia.
So it's the origin
of the name of Gaia.
So in the womb of Gaia,
there was a design
of the rotten apple that told
the story of the controlling
the planet of how
everything is rotten.
And it's related to
the Apple of Discord.
It's the myth of Paris
choosing the most beauty--
of the goddesses.
He chose love.
Because of his choice,
the War of Troy happened.
The conflict that happened
between Greece and Troy
released a goddess
that nobody usually
talks about, which is Ate.
And Ate is the goddess
of destruction.
It's the goddess of
the rotten things,
which is basically the goddess
that designed the apple.
So Ate, she was hidden in
the war, destroying war,
like a Trojan Horse,
but in a different way.
She hide in the hearts of
the people that left Troy.
And when they escaped,
they went to Rome.
And the Trojan
people founded Rome.
So my guides said to me,
you have to go to Troy
and to find Ate.
So I went to Troy.
And following the patterns
and the lines of the geometry,
they started to show me
this philosopher's stone
between Canary Islands, Egypt,
and Svalbard in the North.
And when you put all
that together and connect
the philosopher's stone going
to the geometry in the center,
you find Liechtenstein.
Liechtenstein is a small country
besides Switzerland, which means
the bright or golden stone.
So it's the heart of the system.
I said, OK, we have to solve
many different conflicts around
in order to understand
what should we do there
in the heart of the system to
repair the first original one
and open again, the
door of Egypt and so on.
So the rotten apple was
built in between the seven
hills of a sleepy
beauty, which is Rome.
So when you see the map of
Rome, you start to see a cube.
And that design's Pandora's box.
So I went to Rome to
see the other part.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I started to walk
around the city trying
to find the corners of the
square of the box, Pandora's
box, which took me back to live,
again, the story of Rome amor--
how to transcend Rome into love.
So this transition into--
from one system to another
was coming again.
So all the paths that I
did before, everything
that I was doing and I thought
it's finished, it unlocked
a different level
of all this, like,
all the stories were making
sense again altogether.
And I started to find
pyramids and obelisks that
shape the structure,
that shape the box.
And the same routes of
and the streets of Rome
shapes from above this system.
As I was talking with
Robert Grant there in Rome,
he was talking about something
related to double the cube.
And by seeing how the
system of Rome was designed,
you can see the
cube being doubled.
And it shows you the idea of
transcending Pandora's box
into Metatron's cube, which
is the expansion of the divine
instead of the evils inside,
using the inner power of Rome
to make love as we were
trying to do a few years ago.
So all this system
that was detailed
with numbers and frequencies and
all these stories of mythology
coming together told
me about there is
a stone where there is a sword.
And that stone is the
philosopher's stone.
And the sword is Excalibur.
But the stone is Earth that
is hurt, it's a broken heart.
And the stone in
Latin is petrus.
And the sword carved is a cross.
And St. Peter's Square is
the stone with the cross.
So he said, you need to restore
the system of the apples
in order to take this sword--
the cross of Excalibur--
from the North--
Arcturus-- and take it
back on the top, releasing
the tension of the planet so the
magnetic field can flow again
and it's not covered
by Rome, but by love,
which is a lightning going up.
It's the opposite system.
I said, so what is the place
where all the apples of the tree
have been spread in order
to restore the inside
to be able to take the sword and
to create the opposite system?
So they said, the place where
all the apples grow together.
And in ancient languages,
the island of apples
is called Avalon.
And Avalon is all
England and Scotland.
So the path of the apples
is every stone circle
in this island.
It's the restoring of the
power of the feminine,
of the queen bee becoming a
high frequency of the heart,
restoring the system that
goes all around the planet
because after Rome, England
was the second system that
spread around the planet.
Before I had no idea why we
were coming exactly to England.
I knew that it was
an enchanted path.
But now I know that
what we have to do
is to go through the
sword of Excalibur
to see the reflection of
each one of the apples
that is cut in half
and put it together
in each one of the circles
going through all the island,
reconnecting the positive
and negative of every chakra,
and restoring the rotten apples
in order to be the tree of life
again.
And that story is
everywhere in every culture.
But all of them
started to make sense.
And what they told me was
that all this story is
being downloaded to me
now to put it together.
So I know exactly what
my next task is in 2024.
So I'm still trying
to understand
the connection
between all of that
because it's a very long story.
And I haven't told
that to anybody.
So I'm still waiting.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When I got to the
tour, the whole group
already started activation.
[CHANTING]
Creating this circle,
dancing, and chanting it
was so powerful, so beautiful.
[CHANTING]